Jokes

"I can read minds"

"You can't read minds"

"Oh yes I can, I'll read your mind right now. Right now you're thinking, "this guy can't read minds"."

"WHOOA!!"


"Wait, I understand it now! Cool! We're cooking with bacon grease now!" "Great job! We're running with socks on now!" "We're fishing with boomerang bait now!" "We're eating with both hands now!" "We're swimming-" "Guys!"

Handy Spend Melt !911


"Try to remember all the little things, like what she wore the first time you met. What she said, when her birthday is. It will show you care, and that you have a good memory. Then, later, when y'all have an argument about something in the past, you can just make up stuff of whatever she said to help your case. Why would she question it? You're the one with the good memory." "Hey, why are mad at me? You're the one who suggested I start texting my ex." "Really? I said that? I guess so since you remember everything..."

"You ever think back of when you did something years ago, like when you were in a teenager, and you can still feel the embarrassment? But then you think to yourself 'Oh that was so long ago, nobody remembers that.' Well, I remember. I remember everything embarrassing anybody ever did or confessed to. That way I can bring it up when I run into to them to embarrass them all over again. "Hey Blake! How's it going? Still wetting the bed?". 


What, I would never do that. But since you brough it up, what would it be like?

Many before me have failed due to their exorbitant hubris,  but fortunately for me, I am much, much better than those other people. 

*Sigh* Why do bad things happen to bad people? / Why do good things happen to good people?

People graduate from saying "like" to "you know" or "um/uh". 

When I first starting working out, I got confused initially. I saw this ad, "Guess what? Free weights are on sale!" If they're free... how are they on sale? Am I getting paid to take them?

Give a sentence, respond with "good question!". "There is no way I'm going to ask you how you did that." "Good question!"

Azai: I've got a joke for you, do you want to hear it? Why is 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 absolutely ANNIHILATED the number 9! It tore into its flesh and ripped it 9 from limb to limb! HAHAHAHAHA! I love that joke, brings back such fond memories. 


*Koa intro*
K: Ugh... ow! I just fell out of the sky!

K: How did I get here? The last thing I remember is taking a nap on my couch and having a really weird dream about flying through space... and now I'm here!

K: Am I still in America? Or even on Earth? Where am I? I don't see anyone else here, I'll set up camp until I figure out what's going on.

*Scott intro*
K: Oh hello... who are you?

S: Hi! I'm Scott! Isn't it a glorious day today?

K: Um, yes, it's fine. Where did you come from?

S: I'm from here! I live in that cave over there with my wife, and I saw you setting up over here. Ooh, pretty fire! 

K: So I'm guessing you showed up when you saw I had some food. Say... could you help me get home?

S: "Sure thing! Do you live right around the corner?"

K: No... actually, I don't even know where I am, where am I? Is this planet earth?

S: I don't know what this land is called, it's just where I live. And I don't think we're on a planet called "earth".

K: So this isn't even earth? How am I supposed to get back home? Do I have to build a space rocket?

S: One question, and this probably isn't important, but what's a rocket? Is it made by rubbing sticks together?

K: Um, I guess it's like a tall, metal cylinder? And it flies into space?

S: "Something that FLIES?! How does it work?"

K: "Oh geez, uh, you know, I don't really know how it works... and you clearly don't know much about anything..."

S: "*with a big smile* Nope!"

S: "I don't have a lot of knowledge of how things work, but I'm certainly willing to help you get whatever you need to get back home!"

K: Uh, okay, well, we have a lot of research to do to figure out to build a rocket, so this is kind of a big ask... but could you help me recreate all of human history?

S: Absolutely I will! That shouldn't take long at all! Just let me know what I can do!


*Tutorial*
S: If you'd like, this task could be completed even faster if we get more people. 

K: We can do that? How do we get more people? 

S: It's easy! We can get more people by simply gathering food, shelter, and water, and they will come.

S: Let's start by getting some lumber to build a hut!  


*Challenge 2*
S: Now, will you tell me the one thing that I want to know?

K: Fine, I'll tell you: I'm a Saggitarius. 

S: That's NOT what I... Are you now ready to face me in battle!?


Azai
*Introduction*
K: Hello, who are you? Another helper for me, I hope?

A: I am Azai, conqueror of Ximara and former ruler of Tavaria!

K: Okay, that's a cool name... so you good with grabbing a shovel and...

S: *Interrupting* Wow! You were the ruler of Tavaria? What are you doing here?

A: I have taken leave of my position as a noble ruler to encounter new challenges in distant lands. I stopped here because I noticed that you and your people are clearly undertaking a massive task. Is that true? 

K: You have no idea.... 

K: So is that the a reason you came here? To watch? Or were you hoping to add some more adjectives to your name?

A: Many will come to attempt to destroy what you have worked for. Indeed, the harder you work, the harder they will work to tear it all down. Therefore, I will develop your armies to ensure your safey in these lands.

K: Excellent! Yeah, I think there's a few people out there that don't want us wondering around...

A: Verily! Considering the scale of your project, my armies will also help to acquire new resources, jealousy guarded by those that would only waste what has been given them. 

K: You speak like you're an old Oxford professor who hasn't spoken to someone younger than him in his entire life. 


*Tutorial - build barracks*
A: Now that I have joined forces with you, we can now build a barracks in any city. The barracks will serve to build military units, which can be used to protect the aforementioned city, or be sent out to acquire new lands. 

A: When you have acquired enough resources in your city, build a barracks so that we may begin training our infantry. 


*tutorial - built warrior*
A: We have just built our first infantry unit! Select him to deploy him to attack an enemy camp. Keep in mind that support will need to be paid to send out an army. 

K: I can't help but notice he looks exactly like you. Hmm... what's a guy to think...

A: Just because he's also devastatingly handsome, it doesn't mean he looks like me. You need to start noticing differentiating details in one's appearance. 


*tutorial - built trader*
S: We just built our first trader! Now we can start moving resources from one city to the next, or even start automatically buying resources from a nearby trade center. Selected trader to assign him a route.

*tutorial - researched pottery*
S: We now can build a ceramist! This is a producer that will create a crafted good for which our people will be willing to spend much more money. The more of these we make, the more money can pay to our researchers!

*tutorial - trade*
S: We can now build a trade depot! Trade depots allow us to build traders and they are a great way to move resources from one city to another. 


Haniya:
*Introduction*

H: Hi! I'm Haniya, and I run the trade operations out of Indus Valley, can I interest you in some spices? 

K: Hello, I'm Koa. It's nice to--

A: *Interrupting* Greetings! I am Azai, conqueror of Ximara and ruler of Tavaria!  

H: Hi Azai! I like your name, sounds like you've had a lot adventures! 

K: Yeah, he's had an exhausting life. Anyways, do you sell anything that you think our people would like?

H: I do! Like I said before, I have some of the finest spices on the continent, plus some--

A: *Loudly* Perhaps the lady would like to hear me recount my tales of strength and valor, such as when I bested the fierce Ximaran warrior, Hemar!

H: Um, maybe another time? I'm just very excited to show all of you my wares that I have to offer.

K: Yes, Azai, let's save the stories of besting others and how much we can bench and whatever for later.

H: Well, I'm glad you stopped by Indus Valley! We have plenty of goods to sell so feel free to stop by at any time, I'll also be glad to take purchase any merchandise you offer as well.

K: Sounds good! Let us take a took at what we need or don't need and we'll send some traders over here soon.


*Quest 1 prompt*
A: *Clears throat loudly*

K: Yes? What is it?

A: *Speaking very softly and in an unnaturally high voice* So do you think she liked me?

K: What? 

A: *Speaking normally* I am simply querying if the lady fancies someone, someone... perhaps such as myself. 

K: Who, Haniya? Um, well, you may have come on a bit strong with your loud declarations of your past accomplishments...

A: Maybe you can suggest what I should do then? I know I'm not much to look at and I've never been able to express myself very well when conversing with the opposite gender, so perhaps you can offer guidance...

K: Well, maybe next time, don't focus so much on yourself? I'd say try to learn more about her by asking lots of questions.

A: *A little too loudly* Your challenge is accepted, sir! I shall know everything there is to know about our newest acquaintance, from the number of years she's lived to the amount she weighs. 

K: *Not listening anymore* Yeah, you got it, that's the spirit!


*Quest 1*
H: Hi guys! I'm so glad you came back!

A: *Clearly nervous* Greetings Haniya! Uh, how are you on this fine day? Um, how was your morning? What did you have for breakfast? If you could be any animal, what would it be and why? 

H: Oh, I'm not doing very well at all, actually. The roof of my house has a terrible leak and I need some containers to catch the leaking water. Do you have anything that you could offer to help me with my problem? 

H: I would need exactly 5 of these items. I will, of course, compensate you for your time and offering. 

K: Yeah, I think we can get something like that, what do you say, Azai?

A: Haniya, will our completion of your request make you happy? 

H: *With a big smile* Yes! Very much so!

A: Then we shall waste no time in getting you what you need! Onward, my fellow contemporaries! 

*Quest 1 complete*
H: Thank you so much for your help! I was worried I was going to have to turn my house into an indoor pool and charge people for entry.

K: Yeah, no problem! Provided you deliver on the compensation you promised...

H: Absolutely, and I'm happy to pay! Oh, and Azai?

A: Yes, my lady?

H: If I could be any animal, I would be a dog, because I love being around others and I'm fiercely loyal to those I love the most. What about you?

A: *Blushing* I would be a stag, the adult male deer, because stags are protective leaders of their herd, gracefully standing up to danger whenever necessary.

K: That's a pretty pathetic animal to pick from someone who's always talking about "conquering" and "ruling". 

H: I thought it was a great animal to choose! I love deer!

A: *Smiles*


*Quest 2 Prompt*
A: *Ahem* That went quite well, I would say. Our interaction with Haniya, I mean.

S: Yeah, I thought it went great! She really responded well to what you had to say. Great job, Azai!

A: Koa, seeing as your previous advice was so successful, any other tokens of wisdom you'd wish to part with?

K: Well, in my experience with the female folk, they seem to really prefer a man with a high level of confidence.

A: So NOW I can divulge my feats of strength? Of defeating the mighty warrior Hemar? In truth, I was wearing a full suit of armor for the battle, but it would be more impressive if I were shirtless, so I'll recount it that way. 

K: Settle down Hercules, I don't think you want to come off as arrogant, or overly intimidating. Just, you know, act like it's not a big deal if she doesn't go for you, like you just don't care or whatever.

A: Like I don't care... acknowledged!


*Quest 2*
H: Hello everyone! And thanks again for your help earlier, those vases have been very helpful in catching the water from the leaking roof. 

K: Glad to hear it, anything else we can get for you, preferably for some additional coins?

H: Actually, yes! I'm gathering all the supplies to fix the roof, but I need some material to patch up the cracks, do you have 5 bricks you can part with?

S: Absolutely we can provide that for you, right guys? We'll head home and round those items up right away!

H: Thanks again for your help! I've been so worried about that leaking roof overhead, what if the leaks get worse and it floods my house, or the whole thing collapses while I'm sleeping?

A: Well, since you asked, I couldn't care less about this entire situation.

H: What!?

A: Like I said, I can't think of anything in this entire world that I could possibly care less about. Hu-WAH! *Yells and thumps chest*

H: Oh... well, if that's how you feel, you don't have to--

K: We can help! We'll get you your stuff! *Shooting an angry glance towards Azai* Sorry about Azai, he's just grumpy because he hasn't 


*Quest 2 Complete*
H: Thanks for your help! This will definitely help me sleep better at night. And here's a little something for your trouble, as promised. 

A: For the record, I really don't care--

K: Dude! 

K: Glad we could help, Haniya, and thanks for your business. We'll be seeing you later, after Azai and I have a little discussion...


*Quest 3 Prompt*
A: Your previous advice to help me with Haniya did not seem to be particularly effective. 

K: That's because you took it way too literally! Maybe the next time around you should stay quiet, you can hope Haniya likes the strong and silent type.

S: Azai, as your closest and dearest friend...

K: You guys just barely met like an hour ago. 

S: ...might I suggest apologizing to her? I've been married to my wife for twenty years now and apologizing has always worked for me whenever I feel like I've said the wrong thing.

A: Nonsense! Apologies are for foppling lubberworts!

K: Apologies are for what? You sound like you just crawled out of a Charles Dickenes novel. 

S: Still, if you really like her, maybe give it a try? 

A: *Grunting* Hrrmmph!


*Quest 3*
H: Hello again! What have you been up to since we last talked?

K: Oh, you know, a little of this, a little of that. Any chance we can get you something for some coins?  

H: Well, I'm in the process of fixing my roof, but I need cloth, specifically 8, to help keep things clean. Is that something you could help with?

S: Delighted to help! We'll get on that straight away!

H: Sounds great! You all are absolute life savers.

S: But Haniya, before we go, I believe Azai has something he'd like to say.

H: *Cautiously* Yes, Azai? What is it? 

A: *Mumbling incoherently* mamjerfpwerhubarbgrerwalmrhubarbyalm...

H: Sorry, what was that? 

A: *Staring wide-eyed at the horizon while holding his breath*

H: Is he going to say something or...?

K: I'm not sure, I think he's seeing if he's a "foppling lubberwort" or not. 


*Quest 3 completed*
H: Wow! Thanks for getting that so quickly! And here's a little something for you!

K: Much appreciated! This last one was barely out of our way to go get.

S: Yes indeedy! And you be sure to let us know if there's anything else!

H: Oh, definitely! I've learned I can count on you all to deliver. I'll talk to you later!

A: Wait... Haniya? 

H: Yes?

A: *Looking down at the ground, drawing in the dirt with his toe* I just wanted to say.. you know... about that thing earlier...

H: Go on...

A: I'm sorry for my previous comments. I wasn't quite myself earlier, and I was stupidly following advice from this idiot that I know.

K: Hey!

H: Oh, that's okay, Azai. What you said was so out of character that I assumed you weren't quite yourself. 

A: Oh, I am overcome with relief! No to mention how pleased I am to have completed this "apology" task! 


*Quest 4 prompt*
A: We must be sure to return to Haniya.

K: Oh yeah? *In a teasing voice* Do you MISS her? Do you want to be with her ALL THE TIME?

A: Yes, of course. I have clearly been interested ever since we met her, and I even told you as much from the very beginning. 

K: Oh. Right. 

S: Great idea, Azai! Yes, we should go back to see her as soon as we can! I'd like to hear about her progress on that roof of hers. 


*Quest 4*
K: Hi Haniya, we're back! How's it going? How's the roof of your house? 

H: Welcome back, Koa! Good news! I fixed the roof! I don't have to worry about it caving in on me anymore! 

A: Excellent work, Haniya! You handled this issue with a confidence and intelligence seen only from the best of Tavaria!

H: *Beaming* Thanks, Azai! I appreciate it. 

H: Actually, I could use your help again. With all the repairs done on the house, it's gotten pretty stinky. Any chance you could get me something to make it smell better? I wouldn't need too much, let's say 5? 

K: After spending time with these two, you are asking the absolute worst people about tips on smelling good. 

K: However, I might be able to scrounge something up for you!

H: Yay! Great, thanks!


*Quest 4 completed*
H: This is perfect! Thank you so much! My house is going to smell so much better now!

K: Yeah, glad to get that for you. I was hoping Scott or Azai could get some, or just roll around in it or something, but they didn't pick up on any of my hints unfortunately. 

A: *Throwing his chest out* A man's musk is nothing to be ashamed of and should be displayed as a sign of his strength and hard work.  

A: Unless you don't like the smell, Haniya? I don't want to make you uncomfortable or anything...

H: *Smiling* I like the way you smell, Azai! Of course, I'm used to the smell of sewage because of my house right now, so my judgment may be a little off. 

H: Oh, and before I forget, here's your payment for you help. I do hope you came back soon! 


*Quest 5 prompt*
A: I would be a fool to not ask out Haniya the next chance I get. 

K: Yeah, it's about time you got on that. People around here are starting to say that you're too scared to do it...

A: You are lying, of course, because nobody with even a half of a brain would even consider saying something like that about me, but I understand your point. 

S: I think that's a fantastic idea, Azai! When are you going to do it? The next time we return here?

A: *Timidly* The next time? Isn't that a little too soon? Don't you think it would be better if we waited till a few more times, or until we make it through the next winter?

K: Are you hoping she dies of old age first so you don't have to do it? 

A: *Glares*


*Quest 5*
H: Hello again, Koa! I was hopeful you'd return soon, I have another favor to ask of you all. Would you be able to provide me bronze ingots that you can use to form weapons? I would need 9 of them. 

K: Yeah we can do that, but before we leave, I think Azai wanted to ask you something, right Azai? 

H: Oh? What is it, Azai?

A: Um, yes, er, well, for what purpose did you intend to use these ingots?

H: Oh, it's not for me, it's something my boyfriend wanted and I wanted to give them to him as a surprise! 

A: ...

H: Was there anything else you wanted? Azai?

A: *Staring straight through her*

H: No? Okay! Well, thanks for stopping by, everyone! 

*Quest 5 completed*
H: Thank you again! These are very hard to come by so I'm glad you were able to deliver. 

A: This bronze will make an excellent gift to the man in your life, who is no doubt a very lucky man. 

K: Wow Azai, that was a very mature response.

A: *Flexing* However, I must now return to our blossoming civilization, for I am needed to single-handedly fend off all enemy invaders, save multiple kittens stuck in trees, talk about my deepest feelings, and so on.  

K: Ah, there's the Azai I know.

H: Goodbye everyone! Thanks again for your help!


Natakamani:
*Introduction*
N: Greetings travelers! I am Natakamani, king of the Kush!

K: Greetings, Natakamani! I am Koa, king of the pickle ball court! 

N: Welcome to this great city of Meroe, the very city where I was raised by my mother, Amanitore. Here we provide the finest goods that you and your people will surely find to be extremely appealing.

K: This is a cool city, Natakamani. I like those mini-pyramids you have over there. 

N: Yes, aren't they magnificent? They serve as headstones for the graves of some of our greatest leaders, and I hope to someday number among my brethren with a glorious headstone of my own.

S: I hope so too! I mean, when you pass away, after an appropriate amount of time, having lived a long, full life. 

N: I must return to my people and my city, but do return when you get a chance. We are always keen to sell our luxurious incense which will no doubt suit the people of your kingdom. 


*Quest 1*
N: Greetings, friends! You have impeccable timing, we are in the process of building a glorious sun dial for our city center and we have just noted that we have insufficient material to finish the project. 

N: Fortunately, we need only 10 stone to help us get started. Could you perhaps bring us this amount of stone?

K: This is for a sun dial? Like to use to tell time? I keep forgetting how backwards everyone is on this world. 

S: Koa is actually from a different world than ours! A world with super advanced technologies like flying rockets, satellites in space, and plates made out of paper!

N: You're from a different world? What is it like? What sort of technology do you have?

K: Oh, all sorts of stuff, like cars, computers, airplanes, that kind of thing.

N: *Confused* I don't know what any of those things are. 

K: Ok, well, for example, we have a time machine that you can wear on your wrist!

N: A TIME MACHINE!? Does it allow you to travel through time, into the past or future, or does it control the very fabric of time itself, allowing you to stop and start time at will?

K: Well, no, it just... tells you what time it is. 

N: *Clearly disappointed* Oh. That's... interesting... Is that what you're wearing right now on your wrist? Could you tell me what time it is?

K: Yes! *Look at watch* Oh, shoot, looks like it broke when I fell from the sky. 

N: *Sarcastically* Clearly you come from a civilization filled with wonder and excitement. 

S: *Missing the sarcasm* I know! Isn't it awesome to hear about? Anyways, we can get stones for you, and we'll return when we do, Mr. Natakamani!


*Quest 1 complete*
N: Your help on our sun dial project is much appreciated! With its completion, our people will always know the time and will be able to follow a more structured lifestyle. And as promised, here is a reward for your help on our time-keeping project. 

S: Thanks Mr. Natakamani! We're always glad to help! So what is the sun dial for? 

N: It's... to tell us what time it is.

S: Oh, cool!

N: Indeed! My mother, Amanitore, has consistently taught to me the importance of punctuality, ensuring I use my time well and to not waste the time of others. I'm hopeful this sun dial helps my people learn that same lesson. 

N: Also, you'll notice, Koa, that our sun dials don't break so easily. We may work with only stones, but we take great care to ensure our structures are of the utmost quality. 

K: Is this about my watch? I fell from the sky! I don't think your high quality sun dials are getting you to your next appointment on time after falling from five thousand feet. 


*Quest 2*
N: Welcome back, friends. I hope you're well on this exceptionally warm day today. 

K: You know, where I'm from, we have technology that tells you everything about the weather. Like what it's going to be like later, what it's like right now, that sort of thing. 

N: You can't look out the window and see what the weather is? You don't have windows where you're from?  

K: Um, yes, but this technology tells you the weather in advance, so you know what to expect.

N: I do that every day and no one I know is particularly impressed by it. 

N: *In a mocking voice* "Look, there's a large swathe of dark clouds coming this way, I'm guessing that means it will rain soon." "Wow, how did you know that?? Are you from the future!?"

N: "Hey, it's really windy today, that probably indicates a storm is coming." "You must be sent by the gods!!".

K: *flustered* ...look, it's really cool, okay?

N: Yes, it definitely sounds like a worthy use of your time.

N: Moving on, I don't suppose you men would you be able to get us some stone statues, could you? We're thinking of using them to decorate a memorial we are building, and we'd need about 10 of them. 

K: *Bitterly* I guess we can try to get that for you... 


*Quest 2 complete*
N: I appreciate you bringing what was requested, and here is your payment, as promised. Your reward is well earned, particularly on this hot and sunny day.

N: And do you want to know how I knew it was sunny? Do you, Koa?

K: *Begrudingly* Let me guess, you looked outside your window and saw that it was sunny? 

N: Exactly! Yes, the presence of our windows truly makes us a top-tier civilization, most likely in the entire universe, no doubt. You must be awe-struck with our technological capabilities.

K: ...we'll just take our reward and leave now, thanks. 


*Quest 3*
N: Hello again, my friends. I've noticed that your little civilization is growing rapidly and building a high amount of large structures, I am very impressed.

K: Yeah, we've been working hard over there, and I'm also getting pretty thirsty from walking around so much, I could really go for a Mountain Dew right about now.

N: Mountain dew? Where you're from, you have a drink that harnesses the clear, crisp, morning dew found on the lush foliage on the highest mountains? 

K: Um, yup, that's exactly how it's made... 

K: You know, we also have a drink called Dr. Pepper, but I am just now realizing I shouldn't have mentioned it because you're just going to interpret the name literally...

N: You drink... pepper? The very spice that causes thirst and you drink it? What posseses you to make a drink like that? Do you also make a drink called Professor Salty? 

K: Yeah, I'm not even going to bring up Coke or Hawaiian Punch with you. 

N: Actually, now that you mention it, we could use those aforementioned seasonings. We're in the process of preparing an enormous feast. Could you bring us something that could improve the flavor of our food? Again, I'd like 10 of them. 

S: Sure thing, Mr. Natakamani! I wouldn't know how to do that since I usually just chew on potato skins, but we'll find something for you! 


*Quest 3 completed*
N: Thank you for retrieving these spices for me, considering how productive you are in your own cities, I knew I could count on you all to deliver!

S: You bet, Mr. Natakamani! This should definitely make your feast much tastier than my potato skins!

N: I'm quite confident my mother could take your potato skins with spices like these and likely turn them into a meal finer than anything you've ever tasted before. I am exceedingly fortunate to grow up under the tutelate of such a fantastic cook. Oh, and Koa? 

K: *Anticipating sarcasm* Yes...?

N: I've invented a new drink that you can take back and show your people. It actually quenches thirst rather than cause it, and it even allows you to carry on living for more than a week! I call this magical drink, WATER.

K: Brilliant. Thanks. A lot. We're going to leave now...


*Quest 4*
N: My friends! Seeing as you're from a different world with advanced technologies, would it be too much trouble to teach me something that could improve our primitive world? 

K: Maybe I can, what would you like to know? Like do you want to know how to make a bow and arrow? Or how to make a sharp stick? 

N: It would be enormously useful to render myself completely invisible to anyone looking in my direction, thus creating the perfect hunter. Could you pass along that technology to me?

K: Oh. Uh... nope, can't do that, haven't figured that one out yet.

N: Well, what about the ability to shift my entire physical body to a different location, miles away, in a split second. Could you teach me to do that? 

K: Oh gosh, no we can't do that one either. I have absolutely no idea how that one would even work... I can teach you how to do the moon walk though!

N: *Getting frustrated* It seems that your "superior" technology is severly lacking in practical application.

N: Well, perhaps you can help me in this particular task. We are building another pyramid, but are in need of building material larger than regular stones or bricks. Could you provide 10 large stone slabs? 

S: That one we can do! We'll be back in a jiffy with the items you want! 


*Quest 4 completed*
N: Thank you for getting this for me, even if you did have to manually walk to retrieve it.

K: Yeah, you bet. You know, in all seriousness, if you figure out how to teleport people or items, could you let me know? All this walking around is exhausting.

N: In retrospect, perhaps a machine like you described is unnecessary, for the journey itself is what builds a man, not the arrival at the destination. That is a lesson my mother taught to me years ago. 

K: Well, with all due respect to your mother, but she's never been dropped from the sky and needed to recreate all of human history...


*Quest 5*
N: My friends, I have a final request, I am in need of some diamonds, could you help me with that? I would need 10 in total. I'm hoping to use them create jewelry for my mother, if it's not too hard to do.

K: Yeah, I don't think it would be too hard, I did it in a video game once.

N: You did it in a "what" game? 

K: Oh geez, I don't know how to explain this one. A video game is a game that you play, but it's not built out of physical objects, but instead out of, uh, lights, which are arranged into images, and you can control the images and move them around.

N: Your world has found the ability to harness light, control it, and create images out of it? And you use it for entertainment? 

K: Yeah, I guess. Well, we also use it to pass along information and communicate over long distances, but I mostly use it play games and watch programs stuff.

N: Oh, that's absolutely incredible actually, you've harnessed light! You've taken a vital ingredient of life and used it to further develop your people! And I trust your people use it solely with good intentions?

K: Um... correct! People on my planet definitely don't use it to do bad things... 


*Quest 5 Complete*
N: Thank you, my friends! These precious stones are just what I needed to finish the jewelry. 

S: So why did you choose these specific stones to use in the jewelry you're making for your mother? 

N: Diamonds were always my mother's favorite of all of the precious stones of this land. She always said the brightness of the diamonds reminded her of the light in every soul. 

K: Were her favorite? She doesn't like them anymore? Or...

N: Alas, Amanitore, my dear mother, she is no longer with us. Did I not make that clear in the beginning? Indeed, all of the tasks that you have helped me with were for the burial ceremony.

N: The sun dial was built to honor her, the memorial with the statues was for her, the spices were for the final feast in her name, the stone slabs were to create her grand pyramid headstone, and the diamonds are for the jewelry to adorn her tomb, to be with her eternally. 

K: Oh, I had no idea, I'm sorry about your loss. Actually, I'm glad we were able to help you out during this trying time.

N: And I am happy you did! For without you and your services, I'm not sure we would ever have been able to give her the proper ceremony she deserved. With that said, here is your reward, and I am tremendously grateful for your help on these tasks!


*Sennacherib*
Se: Greetings! I am Sennacherib, noble warrior and king of the Assyrians! With my mighty armies, I have conquered and destroyed the mighty city of Babylon.

Se: Behold my capital city of Ninevah! Observe these gargantuan city walls and the expanse of the city, all of which were constructed through my leadership.  

Se: And what of your accomplishments? Have you achieved even a fraction of what I have? 

K: Uh, I have lots of accomplishments! Like, I'm a high school graduate *cough* equivalent... I've seen TWO elephants... um, I can tell the difference between real bacon and tofu bacon...

K: Do you want me to keep going? Because, I could totally keep going. Also, what kind of name is Sennacherib? More like, "Snack a rib", am I right? 

Se: ...it is clear to me that I must destroy you now. Your piffling civilization is consuming resources that are rightfully ours, and we are prepared to fight to take them back. 

Se: Return to your houses, and prepare yourselves, for we are coming for you. When birds go silent and dogs cower in fear, that will be the sound of our arrival. 


*Challenge 1*
Se: I have sent vast armies to destroy the great Babylon, but I am not an idle leader who will have his subjects do all of his fighting. I challenge any one of you to a duel at a time of your choosing. 

K: You want to fight me? Is this because of my "snack a rib" joke from earlier? 

A: I think this is a challenge that is more appropriately suited for me. I have received combat training for my entire life to prepare myself for duels such as these. 

K: Are you sure? I think I can take him, I worked out my chest the other day so I'm feeling pretty huge. 

A: I assure you, leave this one to me. 



*Challenge 2*
Se: So you return to challenge me again? Have you prepared your soul to face your inevitable defeat? 

*Azai defeated*
A: He is stronger than what I had previously anticipated. 

K: Do you think you can defeat him? He's just going to keep sending guys at us until you do.

A: Yes, but I will need to be better prepared. I will need to fully recover my health and will most certinaly need a better weapon. Let us return to a nearby city and upgrade the current weapon I have. 


*Sennacherib defeated*
K: Thanks for handling that guy, Azai, although I think I could have taken him if I had a new sword like you have. And if I was taller. And stronger. And knew how to fight. 

A: He was a powerful adversary with a heart filled with destruction. It is better for the planet with him removed. 

S: "For the Angel of Death spread his wings on the blast, and breathed in the face of the foe as he passed, and the eyes of the sleepers waxed deadly and chill, and their hearts but once heaved, and for ever grew still."

S: That's from Lord Byron.

K: How do you know who Lord Byron is?




